no shit was so loud yeah hose that's not
coming home with us
what a great turn up night Michelle I
can't wait to introduce you to my
parents
they're gonna love you I'll bring the
car around stay right here yo
isn't that Michelle yeah what the fuck I
just hit it this morning Amy to me it's
it's him holy cannoli bill is the
vulture high decide bitches lookin hey
there cutie back the hell off
vulture I'm bringing this one home to
mama this one's different disgusting
thirsty
vulture she's a keeper keeper no don't
exist anymore you cupcake you really
disappoint me with our powers combined
we can possibly fuck every girl in the
world but you're a cover so hand their
over all right take her I'm sick and
tired of good girls getting treated like
whores from horny assholes like you our
woman should be treated like angels
they're the mothers of our children
whatever happened to love commitment and
Trust and army and PCT hey I got liquor
we'd good penis I'll call you a cab in
the morning what do you say come on
Michelle Noah I told my parents about
you I even posted a picture of us
together on Instagram honestly bro we
all hit that yeah she loses it who's it
go sit bruh
amen hos gonna be hoes I will not stop
cuffing not into every girl has felt you
love I am captain cover
whoa pathetic
should I tell you about these folks your
dues baby oh so she can't have friends
huh alright alright sweetheart I'll talk
to you when your daddy's not around oh
you can give me the date right here and
again no not right here look a right eye
I mean I just don't want to get my seats
messy